src/reflections/wk6/05-Day.md, before:

# Day 30
__01/22/2021__

## Week Four Reflection

This week was a little easier because we did not have a checkpoint to worry about. I am sad this week to see the seniors go. The server side is really interesting to me and I hope that I can learn it a little better. The hackathon was fun and I learned a lot about working with a team and how I need to do a little better about working with whoever I am paired up with. I really struggled with my partner on our team. This week was really interesting and I need to do a little better about studying during the week and I am making a goal to spend an hour each night on classwork. Then I can stay caught up on the readings and journals and I will be able to make sure that I can have them all done before the weekend so that I am not scrambling to get those and my checkpoints done. I love the class and while it is really challenging and really frustrating at times I am enjoying the struggles that I am facing while I am learning how to code. 

Thank you to all of the staff at BoiseCodeworks. I have thoroughly enjoyed all of my time spent there. :)

Commit message:

Finished Readings and questions and vocab

src/reflections/wk6/05-Day.md, after:

# Day 30
__01/22/2021__

## Week Six Reflection

This week I am not going to take a whole lot of time for this reflection. I am happy to say that I think that I am finally catching onto what we are doing. I feel like Vue has really helped me solidify what we are doing. I understand how we did things before, but I always got lost or confused. Vue with its rules and its simplicity has helped me a lot to be able to say 'This is how this works and everything kind of goes together for each little part.' I am really starting to enjoy building things, even when I start to struggle with problems that arise. I am still concerned because I think I struggle being on my own a lot. Like I ask questions when I am in class, and when we are in lab, but I really struggle to reach out and bother people on the weekend. I also need to spend more time at home working on things. I need to get it out of my head that when I am home I am off of work. If things need to get done, and I need to learn, then I just need to do them. I need to stop procrastinating or feeling bad for myself. 
Other than those things that I am struggling with I have enjoyed this week in class the most by far. I did not feel like I was drowning like I have the first half of this course. 

Thank you to all of the staff at BoiseCodeworks. I have thoroughly enjoyed all of my time spent there. :)
