# Day 20
__01/08/2021__

## Week Four Reflection

This week has been very hard, but also very very rewarding. I fell behind last week, but this week coming back I have redoubled my efforts with all of my classwork. I feel good about understanding how the applications talk with the APIs and the servers. I still know that I do not know a whole lot, but I am willing to learn everything that I need to. There have been very frustrating moments, but I think I am starting to have a couple of things click in my learning. I am shocked too that we are already about a third of the way done with the course and I am really sad to see the senior class go here within the next week or so. 
This journey has been hard, and exhausting, but I think that I am finally at a point where I feel more comfortable with the speed of the class and everything. Do not get me wrong, this class is crazy fast and I feel like I am white knuckling it the whole time, but I think that I might be acclimating to the whole situation. I probably say that now and I am going to regret saying that because next week will be just as much of a roller coaster if not more. I am scared and nervous for the rest of the course too, I know that we have some very busy weeks coming up. So far though, I have really enjoyed the class. I really like the people and I really like the staff. Everyone is so good to me. I am sad to see some of our classmates drop the class this week though. I know life happens, but it was hard to know that our numbers have dwindled just a bit. I want to do better than they did. I want to make this a success in my life. I want to start building and solving these puzzles. I want to become an expert coder. I would love to teach people the way that the staff at Boise Codeworks teach peopole. I think I really enjoy helping people and helping people to learn.
I am apprehensive of what the future holds, and I know that the journey is going to be tough, but I really have started to belive that this whole hard, sometimes sucky, journey is going to help me find some purpose in life.

Thank you to all of the staff at BoiseCodeworks. I have thuroughly enjoyed all of my time spent there. :)