# Day 15
__12/18/2020__

## Week Three Reflection

I am writing this weeks reflection on Wednesday December 30th. The past two weeks have been hard, and while I beleive that I am understanding the process of the MVC pattern I have yet to master it. I have not worked on my checkpoint that is due on the 4th of January yet, but I have two and a half days that I have set aside to work only on it. I may need to ask for some extra tutoring in the upcoming weeks, I still want to be as successful as I can be in this course and I think that once I am back in class things will get easier. I have struggled the past two weeks due to some personal problems. There has been so much to do and so much to talk about and decide that I have let that get in the way of my learning and planning a little bit. Mark was spot on when he said that there were going to be those of us that over this break went into it with the best intentions, and have fallen very short. I unfortunatley haev fallen into this boat. I have really struggled the past two weeks with staying focused on coding. I am planning on redoubling my efforts when we get back to school. I am very nervous about how this checkpoint and the next one are going to go, but I know that if I put in the work that everything should be fine. 
I cannot wait to continue progressing in this journey with Boise Codeworks. I truly beleive that the experience that I am gaining here is going to help me greatly improve my life and the lives of those around me.
