src/reflections/wk5/02-Day.md, before:

# Day 22
__01/12/2021__

## what are the three types of relationships?

Some of the signs and causes of Callback Hell are when developers try to write their code in a way that makes it read top-down. This leads to nested functions and a pyramid like look in the code that makes the code very hard to read. There is an expectation in many other coding languages that says that whatever happens on the first line will finish before the code on the second line starts running. Javascript is a little different.


## What are the benefits of the traditional LINKING of relationships instead of EMBEDDING?

The word 'asynchronous' in the coding aspect means that something will take some time or happen later or just not in that moment. Callbacks are a convention used in Javascript functions that mean that instead of immediately returning a result like a pass or a fail, a function with a callback used in it takes some time to produce a result. These Callbacks are usually reserved for functions that need to return a download of some kind or do something else that is not instantaneous.


## What are some of the challenges faced when decidinhg how to manage a many-to-many relationship that ultimately drive your decision on how to create it?

The three ways to avoid and fix 'Callback Hell' are first: to keep the code written shallow, second: is to modularize, and third is to handle every single error. Shallow code means to keep things simple. Name every function. Split nested functions up. Make the code easier to read. Doing this allows for easier debugging, it allows functions to be moveable, and it allows for the finding of errors easier. Modularizing means to use different files for like code. Importing and exporting files to one another allows the code to stay very readable, and by using different variables from importing and exporting important pieces of reusable code it shortens the code. This allows for readability to become greater. Handling every single error is a little different than the last two rules. This rule is to help the code become more stable. Developers should always think and assume that their code is going to throw an error. When we as developers assume this idea and build things around it debugging and managing program breaking problems becomes easier. The most popular way of addressing errors every single time is to address the error in the first arguement of each callback. This convention of addressing the error first ensures that the errors are almost always dealt with.


## Afternoon Project Link:
https://steffenlarson.github.io/triviagame/

Commit message:

Finished answering questions. Need links

src/reflections/wk5/02-Day.md, after:

# Day 22
__01/12/2021__

## what are the three types of relationships?

The three types of relationships in mongoDb are 'one to one', 'one to many', and 'many to many'. One to one relationships are the least common of the three, but still get used frequently. They are typically like an author and the authors address. The author only has one address, and the address only has one author. One to many relationships are like a Blog post, where there is one Post, with many many comments but each comment only ever has one post that it is associated with. Then there is the many to many relationsips. These are the most complicated of the three, and I am not sure I completley understand them yet, however they are similar to how genres and books work. One book can have many genres, and one genre can have many books.


## What are the benefits of the traditional LINKING of relationships instead of EMBEDDING?

The Linking of relationships has one major benefit over Embedding them. Linking the data instead of embedding the data helps keep the profile of the information low so that it does not take up as much space as if it was all embedded. It is also easier to return a group of something to a page.


## What are some of the challenges faced when decidinhg how to manage a many-to-many relationship that ultimately drive your decision on how to create it?

The main challenge that I see is studying the data of the relationship and determining how the many to many relationship works. Is it jsut an endless sea of data? Or is there one data set or property that shows up less frequently than another? There are three main strategies when it comes to tackling a many to many relationship: two way embedding, one way embedding and collection embedding. 


## Afternoon Project Link:
https://steffenlarson.github.io/triviagame/
